Individual reflection:
What do I want to learn or understand better?

Since I haven't worked with a project like this before, I am unfamiliar with Scrum and the
process of working with a project like this.

I would like to be more familiar with Scrum and the strategies of working on projects like
these.

I think attending the group meetings + lectures, and discussing with group members will
solve this, I need to be active and make sure I participate in as many "activities" as possible.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

Currently I don’t think I know enough about anything specific which I can help my team
members with, but because we are still in the planning stages there is not much which they
need help with anyways. I help by participating in meetings and listening to what the others
have to say. If someone asks where to find x thing and I already know where to find it I tell
them.

I would like to be able to help others if they need help and I would like to be able to solve
problems without having to depend too much on the other group members.

Once we start to work on more specific parts I should read up on the topics we are working
with, for example, since we will work with React I should try to get some understanding of it
and find out where I can learn more about it. I will still ask for help if I need it, but at least try
to find solutions by myself.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?

We are still in the planning stages and have not started with Scrum yet.

I would like to understand Scrum and how to apply it since I have not used it before.

I think we will learn more about it next week, but I will try to read about it on my own as well.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?

We have not started working on anything concretely, but I have downloaded some software
that we know we will use at least. We are currently waiting for more information from the
external partner.

Once we have started working more concretely on the project I will be able to contribute
towards the team’s delivery.

After receiving more information we will be able to plan out more specifically what everyone
has to do, and then I can contribute in a more concrete way