what do I want to learn or understand better?
This week we went through Scrum in more detail during the lectures, and I think I understand better how to work with
this process. Next I would like to get a better understanding of how to work with React. In the group we decided that
we would both watch a crash course video and work with a step-by-step guide. I have already watched the video and will
work with the step-by-step guide.

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I recommended the crash course video to my group members and we decided that it would be a good starting point for all
members as well as working with the step-by-step guide. I will try to work with the guide and have some understanding
of it so that we can help each other next week. (Some members will work together next week with this guide)

We have still not started working on the code, we are still in the preparing stage of the project. I will also try to
keep on top of the other course I am taking so that it won’t affect my work on this project.

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
We have still not started to work with this I think? For next week we are supposed to think about our roles in the
project, and I think this will help us start using Scrum.

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
This week we handed in a mockup and a business model. We divided the group in two parts, since the I-students had
worked with creating business models before and most IT-students (except me) had worked with creating mockups. Since
I was unfamiliar with creating mockups I feel that I didn't help create as much as the other members, but it was
something they were aware of. Though I feel that I was at least able to help them with having a new perspective maybe?
And there were some things I pointed out which seemed to be helpful.

Even if I am less experienced with this type of project I don’t want to burden my team members too much. I will try
to make it clear what parts I understand well and what parts I understand less well, so that the group can make
decisions knowing all details?

We have still not started working on the actual project, but I will study the things we as a group have
decided that we should study so that I will be able to contribute a reasonable amount once the project starts.
